---
banner: "![[CDM_Bridge_Logo_Stacked-b.png]]"
---
<span style="color:red; font-size:24px; font-weight:bold">CDM/FISMA Daily Ingestion REPORT </span>
   - [ ] **Email Received?**
   - [ ] **Review the Daily Ingestion Summary Dashboard PDF**

# Admin
****************************************************
Other Admin- 
Be sure you - Reach out to anyone who might be able to help - do not wait until it is too late
# Priority # 1 - FISMA Dashboard O&M/Tickets

Agencies DQA/FISMA bi-weekly meetings
Please be sure that your component knows that you are the first point of contact - 

| Agency   | SDM                                                                  | Integration                            | Data Management                                                   | Dashboard  | *Issues*                                                                | Reviewing the Scorecard?                                                                                | Mtg      |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| CBP      | Miller                                                               | Phelps                                 | Alshaheri                                                         | Vivek      | Mismatch of dvc_id -                                                    | yes                                                                                                     | M/T- W   |
| CISA     | Schnarrs                                                             | Cannavo                                | Navid/Anne                                                        | Vivek      |                                                                         | yes                                                                                                     | B-Fri    |
| FEMA     | Miller                                                               | Kit/Islam                              | Alshaheri                                                         | Vivek      | CSM - nothing urgent                                                    | yes                                                                                                     | B-Tue    |
| HQ       | Jindra                                                               | Leon                                   | Alshaheri                                                         | Vivek      | Appliance tagging issues                                                | yes  (not pulling actual data)                                                                          | M/W-Week |
| ICE      | Jindra                                                               | Islam                                  | Navid/Anne                                                        | Chirag     | Nothing needed                                                          | yes                                                                                                     | B-Thur   |
| OIG      | Roberts                                                              | Nestor                                 | Navid/Anne                                                        | Chirag     |                                                                         | yes                                                                                                     | B- Mon   |
| S&T      | Roberts                                                              | Nestor                                 | Navid/Anne                                                        | Chirag     | 6 tickets on the S&T today                                              | yes                                                                                                     | B- Tues  |
| TSA      | Roberts                                                              | Cannavo                                | Alshaheri                                                         | Chirag     | Tim P - 2 tickets - hostname issues -  UTC - date issues -Updated dates | Duplicate devices - VOIP/Printers - 1263 ticket - tickets closed - UTC time discrepancy - David Tolbert | B- Tues  |
| USCIS    | Schnarrs                                                             | Islam                                  | Alshaheri                                                         | Vivek      | Good                                                                    |                                                                                                         | B-Fri    |
| USSS     | Schnarrs                                                             | Nestor/Islam                           | Navid/Anne                                                        | Chirag     | Reached out James S for issues                                          | yes                                                                                                     |          |
| USCG     | Sai working on a new solution to bring in data                       | Do not have enough scores to calculate | Meeting for today - finished for March - but need to work on SWAM | Chirag/Sai | helping David with monthly files -                                      | **Sai - move the manual gitlab process in Layer B\|  Monthly**                                          |          |
| combined | **Document all manual process/jobs for monthly and daily FISMA\|\|** |                                        | Feng                                                              | Vivek      | Sai                                                                     | Due - Wednesday p                                                                                       |          |
| FLETC    |                                                                      |                                        |                                                                   | Vivek      | Good                                                                    | Vivek talking with them                                                                                 | Tue      |
#### Resource Issues constraints

**Issues impacting total solution - interaction concerns**

| Layer | Comments                                                                                                                                                                        | CR/Fix                                                                                                                                                                          | Status                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A     | Splunk not receiving MTD data for last seen date. 2. MTD L3 issues with last seen missing from tool. 3  Inaccurate Asset Tagging in FISMA Boundaries - given to Kevin Johnson - | Tool has to be updated - Navid/Kevin - the solution is running out of memory -Working with the ISSO to change the tagging-  has a bandaid -  two more months - evaluate storage | Still with Kevin -  still on hold - Anne is working on this - CR612 - last week of March                                                                                                                   |
| B     |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| C     |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|       | Update the CA certs for the web interface                                                                                                                                       | Completing today - 4/3/25 -                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|       | Update SSO for Preprod                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| XXX   | Vulnerability with Elastic -                                                                                                                                                    | CVE-2025-25012 - Directions as of 3/5 - Wait for ECS to analyze  how it will affect Dashboard                                                                                   | - [Vulnerability Tracker](https://maestro.dhs.gov/confluence/x/Ax2eMw)<br><br>[Kibana 8.17.3 Security Update (ESA-2025-06)](https://discuss.elastic.co/t/kibana-8-17-3-security-update-esa-2025-06/375441) |
|       | Optimization / monitoring                                                                                                                                                       | Set up a meeting                                                                                                                                                                | Sai/Feng/Navid/                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|       |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

##### **Daily Monitoring - Operations support**

| Task                                  | Who         | Completed Date                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                  |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Daily Checklist completed             | AB/IJ/SS    | All data in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Notice to be updated             |
| Monitoring Server review of resources | AB          | Compression being added back for Vuln Transform                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                  |
| FISMA Scoreboard Checks               | Chirag      | MUST be checked daily - Monthly all looks fine as of 9am -  HWAM, SWAM, CSM, Vuln -  j Index to be checked first is **dhs_fisma_scorecard_system_boundary.**   dev_fy25_scan_compliance  is the name of the index - Updated all the roles with this index based on fisma_id or org_id .                                                | Missing DIAR2 data - SAI already |
| Issues in the Dashboard - Dashadmin   | Imtiaz/Sai  | Until the HLV data is pulled it will be red                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                  |
| Logrotate script run                  | SS/AB/SB/JC | Joe - /var/log - verbosity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                                  |
|                                       |             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                  |
| CMaaS Data Dictionary- Due date 3/3   | Miguel/Feng | Work  to gather all fields, indices and compare - create a matrix - Need to update dhs_data_dictionary - email with instructions was sent - Feng to give list of all FISMA scorecard indices -GET index/_mapping - Examples are being added to the field - Target date 3/23 -  Completed looking at adding it to the data dictionary - |                                  |
|                                       |             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                  |
| Onboarding request - ??               | AB          | Removal - Ralph Higgenbottom - can not see DQA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                  |
| Setup review of users                 | AB/LC/IJ    | ECE-Deployment viewer - CCS access - James D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |                                  |
| ALM API Key                           | 60 key      | Drew created the key                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                  |

**IA/Security Issues**

| Openjdk finding  -  CR595                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Validate overlays hosting files are bound to a container if not they can be deleted.                                                                                                                                                          |                                      | NGINX deploying with Ansible code - reviewing permissions on folders- Podman configuration is updated - Permission issues being worked on - updating - Juan still having an issue with Postgres permissions - Nginx is up and running correctly - being deployed - podman - permissions issues - Reaching out to Mike Deleo for RHEL support |
| Had a discussion with IA team and they suggested that we do the update to Keycloak at this time and put in a CR later when the removal of Keycloak has gone through the lab                                                                   |                                      | Juan - prepping implementation ready - ansible playbook is being done- Update so that the postgres and keycloak do not exit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Currently the plan is going to be to upgrade Keycloak container to mitigate for now                                                                                                                                                           | Juan taking care of this-            | 4/1/25 - Joe and Juan - storage configuration switched back and it works - selinux - LB03/04 - LB03 has an issue                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Imtiaz and Alvaro working through CR - IJ has sent in TRM (Still need scans- came back as restricted)                                                                                                                                         | Alvaro/Juan                          | Updated  the container to the TRM approved versions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Chef Inspec - we need to update the profiles - need to assign a resource for Podman profile and update to other profiles - Utilizing Heimdahl - testing - inviting to Cory - dsh-d-ecesec-02 - podman - chef inspec script - Ansible playbook | Joe = meeting to review - Opensearch | Juan and Joe to work through Chef Inspec Profiles - 4/2 - Updated storage config to /opt/cmaas/podman - instantiated - Keycloak - missing - 10 am with Joe..                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Chef Inspec files for docker/rhel8/nginx/ES are provided to the IA team weekly - review the files - move from sec02 to MobaX then to Sharepoint                                                                                               | Imitiaz/Jerin                        | setup feed from server to sharepoint - Juan has an older PS script -  Scheduling the test -  4/3/25 - Prescan pending                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
# Priority #2 - FISMA Scorecard

Should go completely live - March 2025

| FISMA Scorecard changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Complete                                                                                      | Assignee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Mobius - TRM - CPE details not making it into the staging - variance of details - Prohibited Oper System issue - Putting a banner After getting email from Supriya                                                                                                                                                                                           | Understand the issues with ingest and comparison -                                            | Vivek/Sai/Feng - investigation on the findings - CPEs not in the string -Deployed in daily and getting done on monthly.                                                                                                                                                              |
| **FY25 - Scan compliance - Will need a new index to test this**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | **working - Everything is ready, the drilldown is needed**                                    | **Vivek/Feng/Sai**   Jerin was able to work with scripts                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Monthly Helper Script running - time running/finish - going to run on Sat for VULN supporting HWAM - Running other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Functionality has been added to track how long it takes to run                                | Feng - was rerun yesterday                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| DQA reports/logs -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Going to assign someone                                                                       | Chirag                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| USCG - Lisa to talk to Vivek - where to pull the data - David N -  This is decided to be done via Gitlab for the current environment                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | scheduled for today -  Max A - last seen date call superseded                                 | Vivek/Sai - This is gong to be a development effort - Sai to write up a document - discussion with David - need to create pipelines to ingest pipelines - we will have a month of development - Sairam waiting to talk to David N about this.Vivek working on the CSVs for ingestion |
| ~~User report - Weekly report~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | ~~Sai corrected - the upgrade to 3.7.3 over wrote the templates and had to be corrected~~     | ~~CMaaS-Logstash- Reports MISC - Sai created~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Updated the CPE issues  (example look at component for prohibited in the TRM initially, then we will review the enterprise)  Going to validate up to level 3 (Vendor/product/version - not going into the extended details)  Having a meeting with TRM team to review how they bring in data - not using industry standards - Supriya is taking lead on that | We are going based off the component first and then going to enterprise validation afterwards | TSA - SWAM scores (TP reached out) We will rerun the monthly SWAM -  Sai to work with Feng/Vivek to come up with a resource requirement. - Supriya said no change -                                                                                                                  |
| CSM discussion based on sv_rule discussion -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                               | David N has asked for changes but Navid/Vivek/Feng are pushing back to get CR process - **email must be received**                                                                                                                                                                   |
| SWAM issue - TRM has not been updated by components - Logic of POS/SWAM - if not in TRM for SWAM it gets approved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | SWAM Logic                                                                                    | Getting this logic done by next                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| HBD - pull from Splunk - FISMA_ID, Crowdstrike,(approximately 2-3 weeks)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Working to show Supriya                                                                       | Only getting Monthly -the daily is sporadic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| POS script is ready to test                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                               | Feng had syncing errors with his OneDrive - had to clear data from the website                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Chinese apps - Meeting with Marissa on CRM issues                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Vivek                                                                                         | Created visualization - sent to Navid / Supriya                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Names on all scripts - Feng updated all the scripts on Server09 - We have our API Key within Script - we will make it an env variable within                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Feng with Sai                                                                                 | Feng will update/Sai will put into gitlab                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Monthly helper started - NVD site updated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| CBP issues with Axonius/ CISA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Steps for Monthly FISMA Scorecard work
- [ ] Device_scan monthly index - Sai to build
- [x] NVD site update
- [ ] Helper scripts have been started - has to be run a number of times - 4/3-4/4/25
- [ ] Scan Compliance - Script has been finished - need to add logic - Waiting on Supriya to approve access to the index 
- [ ] Scan compliance index will be updated to dhs_fisma so all users can see it.
	- [ ] For testing purposes we are keeping the dev one 
	- [ ] we will need to have it run twice/ once for dev and once for prod
	- [ ] query updated on scan compliance - working with 
- [ ] Jerin, Feng, Vivek, Navid - Jerin will be helping Feng with script 
- [x] Vivek updated all filters to reflect the date updates
- [ ] Additional space to have a separate deployment indices in a test environment 
 Vuln helper script - March 1-30th - 16 hours - (log09) 15 hours last month but had to be run three times. Going to run the helper again today - Final run of VULN today - 
- [ ] Monthly reports all finished within 2 hours
	- [x] CSM
	- [x] SWAM
	- [x] HWAM
	- [ ] VULN 
- [x] Mobius - TRM  working through debugging the CPE with a debug scripts (sub)
	- [x] CPE script updates in the code, We need to update the code to reflect the org is reviewed first and then look at the Enterprise.  We have a live example with Fletc
	- [x] Feng has finished the coding, going to test today (3/20)
	- [x] SWAM - wildcard will not work - looking to pull a sample for the meeting today
	- [ ] All the different OS and versions for comparisons - not all the details are coming in - discussion (3/17)  Was reverted back to older code due to need for components to update TRM
	- [ ] Supriya is giving the components this month to correct their entries
- [ ] ~~Lisa/Chastity - let components know to let us know about metrics information - missing assets is not a high priority at this time. Uncrredentialed/Credentialed primarily are due to agent/remote reporting.~~

# Priority #3 - Tasks/CR ongoing
**CR/Tasks Daily Overview - Past details below**

Lab issues - 
Need to clean up home directories

| CR                                                                                                         | Status                                                         | Engineer                                                                                                                               | Status                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
|                                                                                                            |                                                                |                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
|                                                                                                            |                                                                |                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| Podman Parent                                                                                              |                                                                | Imtiaz                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| ~~CDMACHG0542 - Non-Elastic Apps to Podman (CMaaS & ES Apps)~~                                             | ~~1- cmaas-app - /Sam     Alvaro        2 logstash - Sam   -~~ | ~~Sam/Alvaro/Solomon  Drew to provide TRM -  Cmaas-app - rhel - image in the registry  -~~                                             | ~~Test event planned for 3/20~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | ~~24 hour notice~~  A couple of the logstash servers will still need to be reverted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |     |
| ~~CDMACHG0543 -Migrating container to Podman - CMaaS-NGINX~~                                               | ~~Inspec profiles: Elastic,Kibana, RHEL, Logstash, ???~~       | ~~Joe / Juan-       cmaas-inspec/chef -~~                                                                                              | ~~Test event planned for today 3/20 -~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| CDMACHG0545 - Podman Lockdowns (3/12/25) (catch all after everything has been implemented                  | dev                                                            | Joseph - ~~registry issues -~~ dsh-d-ecesec-02                                                                                         | Alvaro - nginx<br>Soloman - cmaas-app<br>Joseph - cmaas-inspec:<br>Sam - logstash<br>Drew - trm<br>Miguel - uUpdate                                                                                                                                                            | 2/26 - nginx/chef - Need to see podman  -  Non-ECE - Ansible - Docker modules for Podman are not backwards compatible - stig-compliant doc from Elastic.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |     |
| 575 - Upgrade the CMaaS Gitlab Runner to v17.4 (CMaaS FISMA)  on the Ansible Control node - fips compliant | Dev                                                            | Solomon/Alvaro/  Will wait for return from military duty                                                                               | Soloman has already started on the gitlab environment - asking him to work with Leon to both implement this CR as well as organize/document the current gitlab - TRM request was created for Gitlab 17.8.3. -                                                                  | Status - Need to validate the gitlab runners- create test plan -  Meeting set to create test plan on 2/28                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |     |
| 576 - App Lockdowns Part 3 (Non-Elastic Apps - Keycloak, PostgreSQL, Fluentd)                              | Working on the Keycloak issue                                  | Alvaro/Sam/Imtiaz                                                                                                                      | Configure Rabbitmq to use Okta as IDM and remove Keycloak/Postgresql from our environment. Openjdk is still in the newer version - new TRM was sent for the version need - 26.1.0                                                                                              | Need information on Fluentd/Keycloak  very limited info - Postgres has its stig, reconcile the current data with the spreadsheet we have from 2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |     |
| 595 - Upgrade the docker container for the Keycloak container                                              | cmaas-db/cmaas-auth                                            | Alvaro/Imtiaz/Juan -  26.1.0 - upgrade process - Cleaned up the volume - implementation playbook - preprod registry now working - 3/14 | Need to update the current container for keycloak to mitigate the vulnerability - Migration process from Postgres to the other.                                                                                                                                                | Mitigates the POAM JDK -  Will build it it today -Normal CR - Updates to test plan, install docs prepped,  CR document updated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |     |
| **592 - ES 6.3.0 implementation - Dependant on CR541/544                                                   | Dashboard enhancement -                                        | Linda/Sairam -  Want to do the upgrade to 6.3 and then immediately do 6.4                                                              | Need the ansible script for this update -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [[Details]] 2.26 - CR from 6.2 could be used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |     |
| 597 - Window 2022 migration                                                                                | preprod                                                        | Imtiaz - (Docs/Deploy)  May need to extend a window as we still do not have the server - Need to reach out to Jamie Flowers            | DEC AWS to schedule - Cory has insisted that we move this - out of compliance - will check - Imtiaz got a message that the server is supposed to be provisioned in the beginning of February - suggested date of 2/3 - Creating a CR on DECAWS -n DECAWS sprint starts on 2/25 | DECAWS needs the approval for upgrade - will go to ICCB for next Tuesday - Maybe Thursday - provided specs - X6 is more cost effective - will be implemented next week - Crowdstrike/Agents - going to ICCB on the 13th - gonna go to implementation but we do not yet have the server - Got approved on 3/17 - Analyst created the server but needs to install the NOSC agents 3/25 - No updates as of today  3/30/25 - Nessus scan has been given to the ISSO for approval/turnover - |     |
| MCAS moving                                                                                                | Ansible node -  mcas scripts - python script                   | Jerin - updating bash scripts - IDAM reports - Mark says he did not get all the files - Jerin to work on the scripts                   | utilizing the existing code - Andrew/Jerin working through cleanup - 4/4/25 - waiting for RAR/PAR                                                                                                                                                                              | Moving data to the Splunk utility server - Mark was able to see the files - Deleted server files - Retention files - 200 files - 3/31 - python scripts to be tested - Reaching out to Sai for day of the week.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |     |
|                                                                                                            |                                                                |                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| Upgrade gitlab to enterprise                                                                               | Discovery                                                      | Navid/Leon/Sai                                                                                                                         | Navid says that it is feasible - Sai updated the keys                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| Create Gitlab runners for MCAS                                                                             | Discovery                                                      | Jerin/Solomon/Linda/Navid/                                                                                                             | Need to move MCAS reports to an automated Gitlab runner with notifications enabled - Podman does not natively support Gitlab                                                                                                                                                   | Deleting data from the mgmt server from 2022 to Dec 2024 -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |     |
| New CR to remove HLV - CR615?                                                                              | Sysmon agents                                                  | Drew/Sam/Sai                                                                                                                           | Need to remove Elastic Agents/remove the HLV space/Update the ABAC/Notify customers                                                                                                                                                                                            | Pull data for removal, time savings, human costs savings.  Drew to reach out to John Roberts -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |     |
| ~~CR626 - Update Jumphost to VScode and Edge~~                                                             |                                                                |                                                                                                                                        | ~~Already completed 3/27~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
| CR628 - Update Jumphost to Firefox and Edge                                                                |                                                                | Imtiaz/Miguel                                                                                                                          | Going to share with Miguel the entire process -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Going to production tomorrow - Needs approval                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |     |
| Troubleshooting meeting                                                                                    |                                                                | Drew to lead and demo?                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     |
CR Details 
- ATO Support 
    - ATO Support - SSP Updates 
    - ATO Support - POA&M Updates
    - ATO Support - Miscellaneous 


# Miscellaneous 
- **Users Cases** - ON HOLD
    - 
    - Re-Imaged Assets

# Backlog
 
- **==CMaaS Data Mapping==**
	- 2/17 TEM - identified new fields to be added for next version of Data mapping - 
		- system_boundary.hva_status will need to be added to csm/swam/vuln indices as well as the trending ones - it has been on hwam but is to be populated to those as well in the new release
- CMaaS Data Dictionary
    - update cmaas-dictionary -
        - 
| Script for O&M -Updating Users-       |             | [Jj][Oo][Ee]                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
This is complete and being deployed week of 1/20/25
# # Components
- GitLab Pipeline
- GitLab Runner
- 
